Let's get to work inside of our ticket service.
We're going to create a listener that is going to watch for that order created event.
And any time we see that event, as I just mentioned, we're going to lock the ticket down.
So back inside, my editor.
I'll find my tickets directory inside there.
I'll find the events folder.
And inside of events I'll make a new directory of listeners.
And then inside that, I'm going to make a listener file called Order Created Listener Thoughts.
Now, I don't know about you, but it's kind of hard to remember how to create a listener.
You might recall that we've gone through the process of creating a listener twice now, and you might
recall that it's something around extending that base listener class.
So we had to find inside of our common module, but the actual details of it kind of easy to forget.
So here's how we would approach this using TypeScript to kind of help us through development.
At the very minimum, we probably want to remember that because we are trying to create a listener.
We're going to want to extend or subclass the listener base class we had put together.
So at a very minimum, hopefully we can remember that we need to import.
The Listener base class from our common module.
So I'll import that.
And then I will export a new class called Order Rated Listener.
And that's going to extend our listener base class.
Now, if we can just remember this part right here, TypeScript is going to help us the rest of the
way.
So already we can see that TypeScript is saying, hey, this thing right here is a generic type and
you have to provide a type argument.
So we need to stick in as the generic type, the event that we want to be listening for.
So that's kind of our hint.
That's how we're going to get hints along the way on how to actually implement this thing.
So from our common module, let's import the event that we want to listen for.
In this case it is, as you guessed by the name of our class right here, the order created event.
So I'll stick that in as the generic type.
And then after that, TypeScript still has our back.
It's going to tell us, okay, well, if you want to do this, here's what you have to do.
You have to implement that on message function, a Q group name and a subject as well.
Let's start off with the subject.
If you want to add a subject, we probably need that subjects enum that we had previously declared inside
of our common module as well.
So from the common module, I also get these subjects in.
And then I'll define the subject that we want to listen for.
In this case, I'm going to annotate the type of subject as subjects order created and then set its
value as subjects, not order created.
Okay.
Next up, we have to set the group name.
Remember what we did back inside of our order service?
We created that separate file and we defined the Q group name that was supposed to be used among all
of our different listeners.
That was just going to help us from or prevent us from making any silly typos.
So we'll take that same pattern once again inside of our listeners directory will make a new file of
Q.
Group name that's.
And inside of here I will export a cast of Q.
Group name.
And because we are inside the ticket service, I'll get to seeing a group name of tickets service.
Simple enough.
Okay.
Going to save that.
Then back inside of our listener at the very top, I will import Q group name.
From same directory.
Q Group name.
Now we can set that property on our class.
So.
Q group name is new group name.
And then finally, our last step, we have to implement the on message function.
So we will define on a message.
And remember, this is where TypeScript is not going to quite help us out until we start to list out
some arguments right here.
This thing is going to have to arguments provided.
The first is going to be the data property of the event that we were listening for.
And second will be the message type from the node net streaming library.
So I'll put in here data and that's going to be of type order created event, specifically the data
property of that interface.
So order created event at data.
And then the second argument will be our message, which is subtype message again from the node net
streaming library.
We definitely need to import that at the top as well.
No, not streaming.
Chances are our on message function is going to have some async code inside of it.
So let's mark this this function as async as well.
So there we go again.
Easy to forget what's going on inside of here, but as long as we can, just remember that we have to
extend that base class.
TypeScript is going to pretty much help us along the way.
All right.
So we've got the listener put together.
Let's take a pause right here in the next video.
We're going to figure out some strategy, some way of figuring out how to mark a ticket as being locked
down and prevent any changes from being made to it.